hey everybody what's going on this is
Lloyd from neway fitness today is segni
Tuesday we're going to be showing you
the dumbbell shoulder press proper form
how to mount and unmount the weight onto
your shoulders and focus more on the
deltoids versus a triceps brachii so
stay tuned and enjoy the show sometimes
trying to get the heavy weight into the
proper shoulder press position is
difficult with this easy movement you'll
be able to properly get the weight where
it needs to be avoiding injury and
preventing the muscles being worked
before they're ready to begin as with
most lateral exercises and exercises
that are a push type having your pinky
elevated and pointing a little bit
higher than the rest of your fingers
allows for better range of motion the
main thing you need to worry about is
over extending your arms here I try to
go semi lockout but not a full lockout
position most people recommend to go
full lockout but I personally believe
that if you do you tend to start
focusing more on the triceps instead of
the anterior deltoids which is what
purpose of this exercise is supposed to
be
thanks for tuning in to this week's
episode of technique tuesday on nuway
fitness tune in to our youtube channel
every day for new variety videos on all
ranges of topics and health and fitness
and also specifically on Tuesday to
learn about proper form on certain
exercises how to prevent injury and what
may work best for you this has been
Lloyd visit our website up above in the
description below also leave a comment
for future videos of proper form
breakdown we'll see you in the next
video remember to be the change I'll
catch you guys later